[ Announcer ]
LUKE SKYWALKER
WAS JUST A FARM BOY...
UNTIL HE RECEIVED
A MYSTERIOUS MESSAGE..
HELP ME, OBI-WAN KENOBI.
YOU'RE MY ONLY HOPE.
TO RESCUE
A BEAUTIFUL PRINCESS...
I'M LUKE SKYWALKER.
I'M HERE TO RESCUE YOU.
AREN'T YOU
A LITTLE SHORT
FOR A STORMTROOPER?
AND DEFEND
THE FORCES OF FREEDOM...
- AGAINST THE DEATH STAR.
- HERE THEY COME.
[ Announcer ]
THE WINNER OF
SEVEN ACADEMY AWARDS--
THE LEGENDARY STAR WARS.
RATED PG. STARTS FRIDAY
AT A THEATER NEAR YOU.
[ Man Announcing ]
WHAT IF THIS
WERE ALL HAPPENING RIGHT NOW?
WHAT IF LUKE SKYWALKER
WERE FIGHTING AGAINST
THE DEATH STAR...
AND TRYING
TO RESCUE A PRINCESS?
[ Man ]
TERMINATE HER
IMMEDIATELY.
[ Announcer ]
WHAT IF YOU COULD GO WITH THEM?
- COME ON!
- [ Announcer ]
WELL, YOU CAN.
TOMORROW AT A THEATER NEAR YOU.
STAR WARS. RATED PG.
[ Man On P.A. ]
STANDBY ALERT.
DEATH STAR APPROACHING.
■
ESTIMATED TIME TO FIRING RANGE,
15 MINUTES.
[ Man Announcing ]
NO LEGENDARY ADVENTURE OF THE
PAST COULD BE AS EXCITING...
AS STAR WARS.
HERE THEY COME.
THE MORE YOU SEE IT...
HERE'S WHERE
THE FUN BEGINS.
- THE BETTER IT GETS.
- THEY'RE COMING IN TOO FAST!
STAR WARS. RATED PG.
STARTS TOMORROW
AT A THEATER NEAR YOU.
- [ Announcer ] FROM THE
MOMENT HE SAW HER IMAGE...
- HELP ME, OBI-WAN KENOBI.
- SHE'S BEAUTIFUL.
- HE HAD TO FIND HER.
I'M LUKE SKYWALKER.
I'M HERE TO RESCUE YOU.
LUKE SKYWALKER
AND PRINCESS LEIA...
IN DANGER,
IN LOVE,
FOR LUCK.
IN STAR WARS.
NO LEGENDARY ADVENTURE
OF THE PAST...
COULD BE AS EXCITING AS THIS
ROMANCE OF THE FUTURE.
STAR WARS. RATED PG.
NOW PLAYING
AT A THEATER NEAR YOU.